iris garden video bund come my name
Markus is our subject today
Edible tape live from the plantarium
ingo scope in front of me is first of all
the edible wall here in black
in between vegetables and here leon of
Circlewide explain us a bit
How this edible wall works
leon what was the goal of this subway was
it pretty much without own vegetable garden and
edible flowers grow in abundance again
just in the smallest of spaces
ok and vertical so you do not have to do it all
make surface so that will be cleaned up
where can this be hung everywhere?
It can also be money to everyone
finished in the garden or balcony terrace
or what exactly is that material
this looks like baby jeans fabric
Almost from what kind of material is that
was needed here
The material is made from recycled
European transparent pet bottles
94 percent she points to material and
one that I
that with affection okay and what are they
characteristics of this material it is
pity that transferred that let
water is through and the color is
uv-resistant okay but if now me
this is the place in here right now
Irrigation installed shows that
is that as we watered here
much of the water down here as
you have to imagine that
the inside of rocket is petra
Kasch I would like to have a contact
The fear that the water therein
making and in the pressure becomes too great then
the water goes in the post area there again
Out
but the water goes out but stuck
the ok so it stays in there as goes
others out if it is too wet so that
that no stagnation Gerd Opitz where
what will the water be like?
this system is brought in and that will
then reduced with a pressure filter
from normal pressure of her life else
are you too much or too little
pressure that will be here in this valve
turning that will reduce the normal
Water squeezed from the water pipe
between three and six reduced after
a great and a filter is also in it
so that the whole thing gets different
yes, if you do that later on the
no sand or okay now how
This product has been around for years
there were edible since market 2012
the ice still completely new sold yes
also in switzerland and germany then
ethical considerations
ok great so we will try hard
maybe one or the other
to show edible untied garden video
maybe on www opera comes to you
Selling
thank you very much and much success with
the edible wall